docs: Svelte 3/4 differences (#8740)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/04-compiler-and-api/01-svelte-compiler.md

| `namespace`          | `"html"`                                    | The namespace of the element; e.g., `"mathml"`, `"svg"`, `"foreign"`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `format`             | `"esm"`                                     | This option only exists in Svelte 3. If `"esm"`, creates a JavaScript module (with import and export). If `"cjs"`, creates a CommonJS module (with require and module.exports).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `format`             | `"esm"`                                     | This option only exists in Svelte 3. In Svelte 4 only ESM can be output. `"esm"` creates a JavaScript module (with `import` and `export`). `"cjs"` creates a CommonJS module (with `require` and `module.exports`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
